This is an additionial .txt file to elaborate upon the flowchart.

Step-by-step process for the user:
  1. User uploads two pictures of themselves, one of each outfit 
  2. User specifies how fast they need a response back from the crowd
      - Mention that if the user sets the time limit to a shorter time, they will get fewer responses (two time sets: 20 seconds for short, 5 minutes for long) 
      - Cap the responses at 25, so if the # of response reach 25 before 5 minutes is over, then the poll expires immediately (ideally, want 20+ ppl polling)
      - If we were to actually commercialize this, we could make this a premium feature
  5. Task gets posted for the crowd to choose which of the two options is better (poll)
  6. The better option is chosen by a simple majority vote.
  7. The user sees which option has won after the time limit has been reached. The user can also see what % voted for each option.
  8. The results will be cleaned up and presented to the user in a friendly interface.
  *As we gather more data, we can adjust answers based on worker tendencies
  
Step-by-step process for a crowdworker:
  1. Crowdworker sees a HIT posted on MTurk
  2. Crowdworker has 30 minutes to wait for and work on the task(s)
  3. Crowdworker gets paid for waiting time (30 cents for 30 minutes) and per task
  4. At the end, they get a code which will be used to receive compensation on MTurk
     - HIT displays a link which redirects them to our website (MTurk ID is given as a parameter for the URL)
  5. Our website prompts them to wait until tasks appear (workers are free to do other hits in the meantime)
  6. When a question is uploaded, the worker will receive an alert to complete the task (maybe we can also give time bonuses for quick answers - maybe have them predict what other workers will think are good)
  7. The worker is shown a poll where they are asked to choose which of the two outfits is better
  8. Crowdworker chooses which outfit is better for the user
  9. The worker continues waiting and completing tasks as they appear until 30 minutes is up.
  10. The worker inputs their MTurk ID and receives a code for compensation.
